Update xCluster architecture page (#17938)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/architecture/docdb-replication/async-replication.md

files between the source and target universes.  This will be more
performant and flexible and remove the need for external storage like S3
to set up replication.

## Supported deployment scenarios

xCluster currently supports active-passive and active-active
deployments.

### Active-passive

Here the replication is unidirectional from a source universe to a target
universe.  The target universe is typically located in data centers or
regions that are different from the source universe. The target universe
is passive because it does not take writes from the higher layer
services.

Usually, such deployments are used for serving low-latency reads from
the target universes, as well as for disaster recovery purposes.  When
used primarily for disaster recovery purposes, these deployments are
also called active-standby because the target universe stands by to take
over if the source universe is lost.

Either transactional or non-transactional mode can be used here, but
transactional mode is usually preferred because it provides consistency
if the source universe is lost.

The following diagram shows an example active-passive deployment:

> <img src="/images/architecture/replication/active-standby-deployment-new.png" style="max-width:750px;"/>

Reviewer: Could we change this to markdown style  image embed as 

`[alt title](image path)`  ..

We need to do this as the image is not resizing properly when the page is resized.

Reviewer: Same for the other image

### Active-active

The replication of data can be bidirectional between two universes, in
which case both universes can perform reads and writes. Writes to any
universe are asynchronously replicated to the other universe with a
timestamp for the update. If the same key is updated in both universes
at similar times, this results in the write with the larger timestamp
becoming the latest write. In this case, the universes are both active,
and this deployment mode is called a multi-master or active-active
deployment.

The multi-master deployment is built internally using two source-target
unidirectional replication streams using non-transactional mode. Special
care is taken to ensure that the timestamps are assigned to guarantee
last-writer-wins semantics and the data arriving from the replication
stream is not re-replicated.

The following diagram shows an example active-active deployment:

> <img src="/images/architecture/replication/active-active-deployment-new.png" style="max-width:750px;"/>

Reviewer: same as above

Author: ditto

start gathering changes from and the response includes a batch of
changes and the Raft log entry ID to continue with next time.

Pollers occasionally checkpoint the continue-with Raft ID of the last
batch of changes they have processed; this ensures each change is
processed at least once.

### The mapping between source and target tablets

In simple cases, we can associate a poller with each target tablet that
polls the corresponding source tablet.

However, in the general case the number of tablets for a table in the
source universe and in the target universe may be different.  Even if the
number of tablets is the same, they may have different sharding
boundaries due to tablet splits occurring at different places in the
past.

This means that each target tablet may need the changes from multiple
source tablets and multiple target tablets may need changes from the
same source tablet.  To avoid multiple redundant cross-universe reads to
the same source tablet, only one poller reads from each source tablet;
in cases where a source tablet's changes are needed by multiple target
tablets, the poller assigned to that source tablet distributes the
changes to the relevant target tablets.

> The following illustrative diagram shows what this might look like for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following illustration shows what this might look like for
```

Author: :+1:
